CXP-654 CXP-650 CPX-652 - New connect space (#926)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/connectivity/manage-your-connections.md

:::

Here are the simple steps to create a connection:
1. Click on the `Connect` menu.

> 2. Click on the `Connection settings` submenu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Then on `Connection settings`.
```

> 3. Click on the `Create` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on `Create`.
```

> The flow type is a central concept in the connection notion. It allows you to characterize the data flows that will interact with your PIM. More precisely it allows to indicate the **direction** of a given flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flow type is a central concept in the connection notion. It allows you to characterize the data flows that will interact with your PIM. More precisely it allows indicating the **direction** of a given flow.
```

With this flow type, you can connect ERP, DAM, MDM,...
:::

> If you choose this option, the Data flows dashboard feature will focus on the data that is pushed inside the PIM via this connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose this option, the Data flows dashboard will focus on the data that is pushed inside the PIM via this connection.
```

With this flow type, you can connect e-commerce platforms, publishing and syndication tools...
:::

> If you choose this option, the Data flows dashboard feature will focus on the data that is pushed outside the PIM via this connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose this option, the Data flows dashboard will focus on the data that is pushed outside the PIM via this connection.
```

# Enable the tracking

> For each connection, you can choose whether you want to track it in the [Data flows dashboard](connection-dashboard.html).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each connection, you can choose whether you want to track it in [Data flows](connection-dashboard.html).  
```

> To do so, select the `Track this connection in the dashboard` checkbox, in the connection setting screen of the connection you want to track.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, check `Track this connection in the dashboard`, in the connection setting screen of the connection you want to track.
```

:::

Here are the simple steps to go through to revoke your secret:

> 1. Click on the `Connect` menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on `Connect`.
```

> 2. Click on the `Connection settings` submenu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on `Connection settings`.
```

3. Click on the connection for which you want to revoke the secret.

> 4. In the `Credentials` section, on the right side of the `Secret` line, click on the regenerate icon button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the `Credentials` section, on the right side of the `Secret` line, click on the regenerate icon.
```

The PIM shows you the connection password only once, at the connection creation. In case you may have forgotten it, you can regenerate a new one.  

Here's how:

> 1. Click on the `Connect` menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on `Connect`.
```

> 2. Click on the `Connection settings` submenu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on `Connection settings`.
```

3. Click on the connection for which you want to revoke the password.

> 4. In the `Credentials` section, on the right side of the `Password` line, click on the regenerate icon button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the `Credentials` section, on the right side of the `Password` line, click on the regenerate icon.
```

2. Click on the `Roles` submenu.
3. Click on the `Create role` button.
4. In the form that appears, give a name to your user role, `My Magento user role` for example.
5. Click on `Web API permissions` and select `Overall Web API access`.
6. You can also select other accesses in the list below depending on what you want your connection to be able to achieve.
7. Save your configuration by clicking on `Save`.

> 1. Click on the `Connect` menu.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click on `Connect`.
```

> 2. Click on the `Connection settings` submenu.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Click on `Connection settings`.
```

> 5. Click on the `Web API permissions` tab and select `Overall Web API access`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click on `Web API permissions` and select `Overall Web API access`.
```

6. You can also select other accesses in the list below depending on what you want your connection to be able to achieve.

> 7. Save your configuration by clicking on the `Save` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Save your configuration by clicking on `Save`.
```

> 2. Click on the `User groups` submenu.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Click on `User groups`.
```

> 3. Click on the `Create group` button.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Click on `Create group`.
```

4. In the form that appears, give a name to your user group, `My Magento user group` for example.

> 5. Save by clicking on the `Save` button.

Author: ```suggestion
5. Click on `Save`.
```

> 1. Click on the `Connect` menu.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click on `Connect`.
```

> 2. Click on the `Connection settings` submenu.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Click on `Connection settings`.
```

If you created a connection you don't want to use anymore, you can delete it.

> 1. Click on the `Connect` menu.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click on `Connect`.
```

2. Click on the `Connection settings` submenu.
3. Click on the connection you want to delete.
4. Click on the `...` in the top right corner of your screen.
5. Click on the `Delete` option.
![Delete a connection](../img/delete-a-connection.png)
6. A popin asks you for confirmation. Click on the `Delete` button.

As a result, your connection will be deleted. It means that: 

> - you won't be able anymore to follow its data flows inside the [Data flows dashboard](connection-dashboard.html),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- you will no longer be able to follow its data flows inside the [Data flows dashboard](connection-dashboard.html),
```
